- The data generated per day is 328.77 million terabytes is equall to 120 zettabytes.
- how much data is created every day per person ?
       with around 5.35 billion internet users worldwide , each person can potentially generated approximately 15.87TB of day daily.

These terms are often used by data storage providers to describe their tiered storage plans. 
The terms may have originated from how data was historically stored, with hot data being stored close to the heat of spinning drives and CPUs,
and cold data being stored on drives or tape away from the warmer data center. 

-  hot data
       hot data is data that is frequently accessed or in high demand.
       Hot data is typically stored on faster storage, such as solid state disks.
       As hot data is accessed less frequently, it can be dynamically moved to slower storage.

-  cold data 
       cold data is data that is rarely accessed.
       cold data is stored on slower, less expensive storage, such as hard drives, optical discs, tapes, or cloud storage.

Information stored in data warehouses is often used for analytics. Hot archival makes this information available instantly. 
Cold Storage: Cold archival is the long-term archival of data, and it is not intended to be accessed often. This type of archival is typically 
used for long-term backups and archiving purposes.

Speed is the most important factor to consider when evaluating archival options. Every company is different, so there is no right answer. Ideally,
all three should be used, it’s just a matter of defining how much of which. Below are additional factors to consider:

Hot Storage: Hot archival is the short-term or working memory, and it contains active files that are still being used. Hot data archival is best
used when an application requires fast access to the data—for example, online transaction processing (OLTP). An OLTP system must process 
transactions in real time. Hot archival makes this possible. Another example is a data warehouse. These data stores must process large queries.
Information stored in data warehouses is often used for analytics. Hot archival makes this information available instantly.

Cold Storage: Cold archival is the long-term archival of data, and it is not intended to be accessed often. This type of archival is typically
used for long-term backups and archiving purposes. 

The most common use case for cold data archival is to provide secondary or backup copies of hot (or warm) data. Cold archival is also ideal for 
organizations with strict compliance needs. Some companies may benefit from using cold archival for offsite backups. Additional scenarios include:

Offline backups of data from a live application or operating system. 
Archive storage for data that has been migrated to an online archiving solution but needs to be retrieved offline occasionally 
(e.g., regulatory compliance). 
Data retention policies where an organization must retain all records for a given amount of time before they can be deleted. 
Legal or forensic information.
Warm Storage: Warm archival is a mix between cold and hot archival because it can be used as either one depending on your needs and preferences 
at any given time. This type of archival provides a good compromise between the two options that can be useful in many situations.




